I need a good around somebody to buy
with getting me shot if you're out there
somebody I can talk to somebody hey guys
so today I'm going to show you a really
quick makeup look I just got out of the
shower and we are going to do a from out
the shower to out the door quick makeup
tutorial so I've already moisturized my
skin and I'm gonna skip the foundation
primer okay so first thing what I'm
going to do is take my foundation this
is Tarte recreate natural anti-aging
foundation and ivory I'm gonna do a
review on this foundation I love it
I'm gonna be using the Beauty Blender
get some product on the end of the
sponge and I'm going to
right so going to start see
and our skin is evened out
I'm going to take some concealer I'm
just going to conceal any blemishes or
redness
I'm going to comb out the eyebrows okay
next I'm going to be taking my Too Faced
natural eye palette shadow collection
and I'm going to be taking the Sigma 252
brush and I am going to pick up Velvet
Revolver
which is this color right there and I'm
going to apply it to my whole lid
kind of blend it up towards the brow
bone okay next we're going to take
heaven this color right here we're going
to apply it to our brow bone okay next
I'm going to be taking a crease brush
and push up right here and I'm going to
take that right in the crease right now
to Chris
okay after you have push up in the outer
corner or just any medium brown you want
to take brush with nothing on it and
just kind of blend out the edges okay
next I'm going to take the flat liner
brush that it came with you take any
flat eyeliner brush and I'm going to
pick up six spresso which is this dark
matte Brown I'm just going to apply this
to my lash line
you
after you're done lining the top you
want to smudge whatever is left on the
brush on the bottom lashline just smudge
it on there real quick and then apply
your mascara and I just applied one coat
so next I'm going to take swim still
glamorous cosmetics this is lip liner in
bouquet you're going to apply lipstick
I'm using true love I really love this
color it's from survivors cosmetics this
is the newest color and it's a nude and
I absolutely it's a nude color and I
absolutely love it for everyday it glows
with almost every looks that I've been
doing lately so um yeah next I'm going
to take my Milani sunset spice I'm just
real quick I'm going to contour I'm
actually just going to do my cheekbones
okay next I'm going to take cinnamon
rolls blush and put on the apples of my
cheeks and we are done that's it so hope
you guys enjoyed this tutorial and stay
tuned for the pictures don't forget to
rate subscribe and comment and I hope
you guys found this video helpful so see
you later guys bye I've got money I got
cause like a Jewish girl but believe me
when I say
last night's big stages this is my world
I can only and I'm Thomas